everybody head here with the digital
digest and today I wanted to share a
quick unboxing and first look at the
sony la ei for adapter this is designed
for emailed cameras both handycam and
alpha so that means the VG 30 as well as
the VG 900 and then alpha cameras like
the a6000 the a7 a7r and it does use
sony's translucent mirror technology so
that when you use your a mount glass on
your email body you will have complete
autofocus capability and that's really
the biggest arguing arguing point or
selling point I should say for the lae
a4 and all of the generations that
preceded it of course this is the best
because this does have its own autofocus
system onboard which really is a
difference maker when you're trying to
sell someone an adapter of this nature
that promises to deliver the same
performance as the lens expects from its
alpha a mount counterparts so you can
see it comes with this little pouch
which at its price point frankly I guess
I won't say it should but it's nice that
it does have it and there you have it a
very small form factor which is critical
considering that this is all about
maintaining the form factor that the
email brings to the table so not very
thick and this is going to allow you to
use again any a mount lens with full
capability when it comes to autofocus
because this does bring its own
translucent mirror the same system that
Sony relies on for all of their digital
SLRs at least up to this point and you
can see right here we have the mount
some instructions on usage and that's
pretty much it you go ahead and you
attach this to your camera of choice and
you're good to go
so the paperwork I didn't really go
through right here but it's what you
would expect warranty
some Quick Start Guide info it is a
one-year warranty with this product and
if I grab a camera let's say you know
I've got the VG 900 over here but I'm
going to use something a little bit
smaller for demo purposes so I have an
old NEX 6 here still for
sail out there because I went through my
fair share I had two of them this one
really never gotten to use kind of just
sat in the box as a bee camera and I go
ahead and pop this off and just attach
it to the NEX six and again this is the
exact same way you're going to be doing
this with any email camera we're now
ready to go we can throw any a mount
lens now on this camera and we do have
full autofocus and as many of you know
there are many inexpensive adapters out
there but they lack autofocus forget
that they're not going to achieve what
sony has done here with this system and
this is in my opinion by far and away as
I mentioned earlier the most compelling
of any of the la adapters that sony's
ever made for that very reason you're
looking at the only one that's going to
truly allow you to step up the autofocus
especially on older models where the
autofocus wasn't as competent as it is
now on cameras like the a6000 you know
even though the NEX six was the first to
have hybrid autofocus alongside the
nex-5r you could still even argue here
this would be a vast upgrade for the NEX
six when it comes to autofocus speed and
tracking so a nice addition
certainly expensive it's been on the
market for a while finally acquired it
wanted to share with all of you because
I know there are many of you out there
that do use glass other than email
native glass and especially if you
already were in the Sony ecosystem with
a mount glass this is pretty much a
must-have accessory for those of you
that still do have your glass so in my
opinion well worth the pick up and Sony
I will you know test this and give you
feedback eventually but I already know
what to expect I've used it before I've
seen it at work and it really is a game
changer if you have a mount glass and as
I said a necessity unless you want to
use manual adapters which do come in at
a fraction of the price and also a
fraction of the convenience in my
opinion any questions or comments please
feel free to post them and of course as
usual please feel free to subscribe
later